---
tags:
  - daily
date: 2024-06-09
---
**Created the librum-notarum repository today and retroactively filled in past notes based on my physical notes and those kept in the Apple Notes app.**

- **Base address**: TDC plugged into crate, communicate to TDC thru bridge, bridge needs to know what TDC to communicate with. Base address is how it knows which thing to communicate with.
- [ ] #task/codex Implement tui
- [ ] #task/codex CodexbDAQ.cc cleanup

## RPC setup
White wire from RPC and black ground wire to each pair of the current readout PCB. Screw them in. Let’s us monitor currents across gas gap. 

Connect high voltage. metal tape to RPC ground just in case, tho it should already be grounded. 

Turn each low voltage on in order and test with multimeter.

Then check each channel for dead channels with oscilloscope and differential probe plugged into it. Differential probe goes into each vertical pin to check for channels. Press autosetup on oscilloscope (blue button). Look for hits. If nothing, it’s a dead channel.

Also check for high voltage leak. See if current at RPC itself matches what the power supply says.

Then [[daily/2024/05-May/2024-05-20#Voltampermetric test|Voltampermetric test]].

## FEBs
- LVDS: low voltage differential signaling, digital logic method through which we go from signal to 0’s and 1’s and transmit that over short distances. Can’t be used over long distances due to signal degradation.
- 5 lines carry low voltage to FEBs
- Lines between channels are connected to ground through resistors, which (somehow) separates the channels