---
tags:
  - daily
  - meeting
  - analysis
date: 2024-05-20
moc:
---
## Terminology
- **Events:** accepted hits during TDC time interval (currently: 125 ns). The event itself is the hits that occur in a time window, which is determined by the trigger board.
- **Trigger:** two hits happen in one event on the same channels on two different layers, e.g. hit on top phi 23 and mid phi 23.
- **Channel:** one strip on one layer of the RPC.
- **Cluster:** hits that occur on adjacent channels within an event. Represented by first (temporal) hit in the cluster. Caused by muon causing e-= avalanche from gas, which hits multiple adjacent channels.
- **ALL:** minimum bias hit acceptance; no software trigger, i.e. anything detected.
- **FINE:** additional software trigger, requiring that hits in multiple layers within an event occur in the same channel, e.g. hit in top phi 1 channel 10 and mid phi 1 channel 10 is a double FINE hit.
- **Efficiency:** ratio of triple layer FINE hits to double layer FINE hits.

To provide another example, in one event, a hit in top eta channel 10 and bot eta channel 11 is not a FINE double hit, but it is an ALL double hit.

## Tests
### Independence test
- Test layer at working point (5.8 kV), other two layers off
- Trigger off the non-test layers
- Want: no hits

### Fake muon test
- Trigger off two working layers, third layer off
- Want: no hits in off layer, no triple fine hits

### Operation test
- All three layers at working point
- Trigger off all three layers
- Want: roughly equal hits on all layers

### Voltampermetric test
Start at 6000V for all layers, test high voltage across ground (black) and return high voltage wire (white) with multimeter, checking voltages (should be set to mV). 100kΩ resistor and 100 nF capacitor. Read out measured voltage difference on multimeter and listed current of high voltages on power supply and calculate using V=IR. Ideally, these things should all match up from power supply to RPC. Drop the voltage by 100 each layer until 5000V, then drop by 500 thereafter until 1000V. Then generate a curve (x voltage, y current).

This test is checking for high voltage leaks

## Phil meeting notes
- Need to get eta → mu mu .dec file
- For now, start with eta → mu mu gamma MC data
- Once you have dec file, look for it in Bookkeeping
- eta → mu mu gamma file: 39112230 (2018 MC)
- Stripping: 40 MHz (40 mil/s) pp collisions, trigger to make quick selection, e.g. mu mu detection at muon chamber rare so we keep it
- L0 trigger (single e-, gamme, hadron, muon with high momentum) (dimuon)
- HLT 1-2 software, more sophisticated, reconstruction of transverse momentum, then write to disk, muon muon events data still *a lot* and inefficient, so we break it up
	- Lepton streams (high pT leptons)
	- QEE streams (high pT)
- Stripping lines associated with triggers, looser requirements; set parameters for data be split into streams, making it easier to work with and accessing only what you probably need
- Why are we building RPCs? **Answer:** spatial and tie resolution considerations + cost
- CERN library for whatever particle detector books needed
- **1 day/wk analysis, 1 day/wk learning stuff, 3 days/wk CODEX**
	- Once the CODEX push ends in the next 3 months or so, move towards a schedule like this
