---
tags:
  - daily
date: 2024-05-20
---
## Terminology
- **Events:** accepted hits during TDC time interval (currently: 125 ns). The event itself is the hits that occur in a time window, which is determined by the trigger board.
- **Trigger:** two hits happen in one event on the same channels on two different layers, e.g. hit on top phi 23 and mid phi 23.
- **Channel:** one strip on one layer of the RPC.
- **Cluster:** hits that occur on adjacent channels within an event. Represented by first (temporal) hit in the cluster. Caused by muon causing e-= avalanche from gas, which hits multiple adjacent channels.
- **ALL:** minimum bias hit acceptance; no software trigger, i.e. anything detected.
- **FINE:** additional software trigger, requiring that hits in multiple layers within an event occur in the same channel, e.g. hit in top phi 1 channel 10 and mid phi 1 channel 10 is a double FINE hit.
- **Efficiency:** ratio of triple layer FINE hits to double layer FINE hits.

To provide another example, in one event, a hit in top eta channel 10 and bot eta channel 11 is not a FINE double hit, but it is an ALL double hit.

## Tests
### Independence test
- Test layer at working point (5.8 kV), other two layers off
- Trigger off the non-test layers
- Want: no hits

### Fake muon test
- Trigger off two working layers, third layer off
- Want: no hits in off layer, no triple fine hits

### Operation test
- All three layers at working point
- Trigger off all three layers
- Want: roughly equal hits on all layers

### Voltampermetric test
Start at 6000 for all layers, test high voltage across black-white wire thingy with multimeter, checking voltage across them (should be set to mV). 100k_ohm resistor and 100 nF capacitor. Read out measured voltage diff on multimeter and listed current on high voltages on power supply and calculate using V=IR. Ideally, these things should all match up from power supply to RPC. Then generate a curve (x voltage, y current).