---
tags:
  - daily
  - meeting
date: 2024-07-12 11:07
---
# 2024-07-12 

## RPC current issues

### Module 7 (m7)

m7 top layer had an I-Tripped error (>= 10uA for high voltage) on the power supply 3 July when we tried to do operation test. The trip happened around 4.4 kV. The current was noticeably higher while ramping up. We tried to let the current "settle" by holding close to 4.4 kV, but it never moved. We came back 5 July and the situation improved somewhat on its own; we could now ramp up to 5.5kV before I-Tripped occurred. Also, the current would drop by about 2 uA when left alone for about 1-2 hours, but this only allowed us to ramp up by about 50 kV at a time.

Some solutions we tried 5 July:
- Moved top cable to a different port on the power supply. *This showed the port on the power supply was not the issue.*
- Swapped top and mid cables, but found the same result on top. *This showed the cable was not the issue.*
- Swapped top and mid cables only on the power supply end, but the issue still occurred at the top layer. *This showed the power supply was not the issue.*
- Re-soldered the high voltage wire with a new wire, but the issue persisted. *This showed the solder job and connection was likely not the issue.*

8 July we returned, only to find the issue had vanished. All commissioning test passed.

## Module 8 (m8)

12 July m8 commissioning test began, and a similar but new issue occurred. High voltage issues again, except this time it got to 5.8kV without issue, the current looks fine, then an electric “crackle” or “pop” noise is heard around the RPC (high voltage area). The HV0 reading will briefly Ovc (over-current) to 9.7 uA, then settle back down to 1.X uA. This repeats every 10 seconds or so, though it varies. The issue is again on the top layer.

To diagnose, get an unassembled high voltage connector and put it in female high voltage connector on the RPC side. Take a multimeter and measure the resistance across this point and the return high voltage wire (the white one). The resistance should overload. Do the same with the outside of the high voltage connector. It should also overload. Now measure across the return high voltage wire and its neighbor ground; the result should be 100 kΩ.

This result should give you a starting point. The issue could be at any of these points:
- Gas gap -> return high voltage wire (white)
- Incoming high voltage wire (red) -> gas gap
- Return high voltage wire -> PCB
- Incoming high voltage wire -> white cable
- White cable -> high voltage connector (female)
- [x] Coaxial high voltage -> power supply.
	- To test, switch the problem layer's high voltage coaxial cable with another layer's, leaving the power supply end of the cables unchanged. This will tell you whether it's a power supply/coaxial issue or an RPC/connection issue.

## Meeting notes
- [ ] #task/codex  Summary table for each RPC singlet
	- [ ] Average noise level (?), average efficiency, average gas leak rate, dead channel count, etc.
- [x] #task/codex Backup for commissioning test data and plots
	- Need PAT or password for Codex B account. Cannot push changes to repository otherwise.
- Bing coming next week, staying for a month