---
tags:
  - daily
  - meeting
date: 2024-07-29 09:40
---
# 2024-07-29 

## m9

- Phi1: top 79, dead
- Phi0: top 44 dead
- Phi0: mid 133, 136, 145 dead (two are the usual fake dead channels, I don't remember which those are)
- See [[2024-08-01]]

## DCS Meeting

- Shifter? WinCC?
- Panel as part of LHCb DCS? But they're written in something based in C with a GUI (uses WinCC as well?)
- Clara knowledgable on the topic
- CAEN (power supply) -> server -> connect
- 1 ethernet to whole power supply crate
- Ambient room temperature, humidity
	- Need to buy 1-2 little weather monitors to put on low voltage distribution board
	- Ask Giulio what they use
- Gas flow
	- Gas patch panel will have flowmeters
- Do we want to be able to turn on and off everything? It seems like CAEN has our voltages covered; *someone* (LHCb) has that under control?
- Connect CAEN to WinCC
- What is DCT? Already controlled by low voltages
- CAEN has libraries to connect what's doable in terminal and move to some software
- We're getting a server for the flowmeters; set up page about all this for them to independently check (Gyrotask)
- Hierarchy: CAEN then temp then gas (since gas group already monitors this)
- [x] #discuss I see 3 independent interfaces going on (CAEN, temp, gas). Do we want to unify this? I assume this is why I'm being asked to learn WinCC.
	- How many other people and systems need this information? *First monitor just in pit; monitor external would be nice; control from CAEN all we care about*. Clara is the expert from LHCb. Initial monitoring in pit by October (when first triplet goes in) is the goal but not required. Needs to be running by January.
- #codex https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/GASSYSTEMS-35
- [x] #discuss/codex https://confluence.cern.ch/display/ICKB/WinCC+OA+Service+Training
	- Day 3: JCOP framework. "At the moment the complete devices available in the framework are: CAEN high voltage power supplies". [Source](https://lhcb-online.web.cern.ch/ecs/PVSSIntro.htm).