---
tags:
  - daily
date: "2024-06-27 15:34"
---
# 2024-06-27 

## Notes on Jake's presentation
- Audience: relative expert in LLPs
- General: costs, complementary to what other detectors/physics going on?
- Shorter first slide?
- Slides 1-3 a bit hard to follow as one cohesive "setup"
	- Maybe another slide? See slide 11 for space
- Slide 4 good
- Slide 5
	- Why would these BSM particles not interact with material but does interact with out detector?
- Slide 6
	- [x] #question/codex Not sure I understand what a sensitivity plot is
		- Limit or exclusion. Looked for something and haven't seen in, then provide curve where they haven't seen it. x-axis physical character of searched particle, e.g. mass or lifetime. y-axis some model of that parameter or limit on a cross-section (how often you see something), e.g. epsilon is mixing between standard model and dark photon. Usually number of cross section of particle you expect to see.
		- Sensitivity plot is for an experiment that is planning on being built, e.g. the dashed lines on an exclusion plot. Not excluding anything yet, but is saying where we would see it
		- Projection plot often interchangeable with exclusion plot. Projection plot is a plot that is like a sensitivity plot that is based on previous searches
- Slide 7
	- Where is this scintillator going to reduce effect of background?
- Slide 8
	- Maybe a better wording for the why Codex-beta is important (last point)
- Slide 9 good
	- Spacial -> spatial typo
- Slide 10 good, maybe a tad long
- Slide 11 good, maybe a bit unnecessary (mergable with another slide)
- Slide 12
	- Specialized cart discussion maybe unnecessary? More focus on timeline 
- Slide 13
	- Competitive typo
- Slide 14
	- Provide some contacts